Install documentation (#4)
ale1800/ESP-360-REMOTE: README.md

> Now you can also program the board with the USB-C. I suggest to use ESPHOME beacuse it's super easy to setup and to integrate with Home Assistant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can also program the board with the USB-C. The community suggests you use ESPHome Web because it's super easy to setup and to integrate with Home Assistant.
```

> # Installation

Reviewer: Is this replaced by the new content above?

> once you received the ESP 360 Remote you will need to flash esp home on it and configure the action you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you receive the ESP 360 Remote you will need to flash ESPHome on it and configure the remote commands you want to clone.
```

> please head to [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md) has detailed instructions to follow.
```

> # Home Assistant integration

Reviewer: Same comment, is this replaced by the new content above?

> # Home Assistant integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Home Assistant Integration
```
